 https:// www. linkedin. com/ in/ maximeservais French – native, English & Dutch – Proficient Faulx- les- Tombes, Belgium mxservais@ gmail. com ABOUT ME • Top student with double Masters from leading universities expected to graduate in June 2018. • Experienced in client- facing roles, completing projects on time and collaborating with teams. • Strong track record of going above and beyond for clients. Capable of handling high pressure. • Passionate about strategic consulting, entrepreneurship and making data- based decisions. • Noted for prioritization skills, leadership and analytical skills. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE TK XPORT LLC Specialized in general and automotive trading with in- depth focus on the African and Middle East markets since 2004. SEM Specialist / Intern Apr 17 to present ( Dubai, UAE) • Started as an intern in Sales & Marketing ( Apr – Jul 2017) & engaged in many successful marketing campaigns. • Enhanced online brand visibility for the company via Search Engine Marketing ( SEM) and social Pay- Per- Click advertising ( Google Adwords & Facebook campaigns). • Regularly utilized online reporting tools to track and monitor online traffic and conversions based on compiled KPIs, analytics and business metrics reports. • After successfully completing the internship, I received an invitation to continue to freelance with TK XPORT LLC as a SEM Specialist for the automotive department. FREELANCE CONSULTING Undertook multiple freelance projects where duties ranged from performing strategic consulting to designing and building websites. Marketing & Strategic Consultant Jul 16 to present ( Belgium) • Drove a successful Facebook marketing campaign for Val- Saint- Lambert, a boutique firm specializing in handmade crystal artwork with shops in Dubai and Belgium. Generated in sales ( Dec 2017). • Clearly defined EasyCare's strategy and long- term goals, and created PPT presentation ( French and English) to seek n funding from Business Angels through Enterprise Europe Network ( Aug 2017). • Within a short time- frame, created a website for Beage, a small consulting firm based in Belgium ( Mar 2017).